Make it clear in README that user must install PNPM 8.x (#3572)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: README.md

Client-side prerequisites for development:

- Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) v16.0 or later.

> - Install [PNPM 8](https://pnpm.io/8.x/installation). **Make sure you install PNPM v8.x as ZE does not work on later versions!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install [PNPM 8](https://pnpm.io/8.x/installation). 
    -**Important**: Use this version of pnpm. Zowe Explorer is not compatible with later versions.
```
